README.md, before:

# Mailing extension for Flarum

[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/kilowhat/flarum-ext-mailing/blob/master/LICENSE.md) [![Latest Stable Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/kilowhat/flarum-ext-mailing.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/kilowhat/flarum-ext-mailing) [![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/kilowhat/flarum-ext-mailing.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/kilowhat/flarum-ext-mailing)

Send individual or mass mailing to Flarum users.

## Installation

This extension can be installed on Flarum beta 8.x, 9.x and 10.x **only**.

```bash
composer require kilowhat/flarum-ext-mailing
```

## Documentation

The individual user mailing button can be found in the user card dropdown menu, including the user profile page and while hovering a username in a discussion.

The mass mailing button can be found in the session dropdown menu under the link to the admin panel.

If the FriendOfFlarum (or Flagrow) User Directory extension is enabled, the buttons for both features can be found on that page as well.

Two permissions allow you to select which groups can send individual emails and emails to all users.

## A KILOWHAT extension

This extension was written by Clark Winkelmann as part of a client contract and released under the MIT license in the hope that the code will be useful to others.

This extension is published on Packagist and you are welcome to install it on your own forum, however **no free support is offered**.

Please [contact me](https://clarkwinkelmann.com/flarum) if you are interested in contracting me to add features or update this extension.

## Links

- [Source on GitHub](https://github.com/kilowhat/flarum-ext-mailing)
- [Package on Packagist](https://packagist.org/packages/kilowhat/flarum-ext-mailing)

Commit message:

New recipients UI and ability to send to groups

README.md, after:

# Mailing extension for Flarum

[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/kilowhat/flarum-ext-mailing/blob/master/LICENSE.md) [![Latest Stable Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/kilowhat/flarum-ext-mailing.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/kilowhat/flarum-ext-mailing) [![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/kilowhat/flarum-ext-mailing.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/kilowhat/flarum-ext-mailing)

Send individual or mass mailing to Flarum users.

## Installation

This extension can be installed on Flarum beta 8.x, 9.x and 10.x **only**.

```bash
composer require kilowhat/flarum-ext-mailing
```

## Documentation

The individual user mailing button can be found in the user card dropdown menu, including the user profile page and while hovering a username in a discussion.

The mass mailing button can be found in the session dropdown menu under the link to the admin panel.

If the FriendOfFlarum User Directory extension is enabled, the buttons for both features can be found on that page as well.

Two permissions allow you to select which groups can send individual emails and emails to all users.

**Send emails to individual users**: allows to select one or multiple Flarum users. Also allows to enter email addresses not connected to any user

**Send emails to groups or all users**: allows to select groups, including "Members" to send to all registered users.

## A KILOWHAT extension

This extension was written by Clark Winkelmann as part of a client contract and released under the MIT license in the hope that the code will be useful to others.

This extension is published on Packagist and you are welcome to install it on your own forum, however **no free support is offered**.

Please [contact me](https://clarkwinkelmann.com/flarum) if you are interested in contracting me to add features or update this extension.

## Links

- [Source on GitHub](https://github.com/kilowhat/flarum-ext-mailing)
- [Package on Packagist](https://packagist.org/packages/kilowhat/flarum-ext-mailing)
